The Next Step is to create the Header Part of the Website : 

Here we Gooo.....

1)Header Section of the website is visible in all the pages that we are visiting so how could we do that come lets check that:
2)Mechanism used : 
    a) Create Header.jsx file inside the Folder Named components which is present inside the src folder of the folder structure.
    b) Run rfc : react functional Component
    c) Which will be having the import statement along with a function exported which holds div or other inside the return block.
    d) Since we are having header in many section of file what should we do to have that mechanism:
        A) GO TO App.jsx
        B) Inside the BrowserRouter we have to have the Header section for that mechanism and it should be outside the Routes but inside the BrowserRouter.
        C)But remember to import the Header section on the top of the file.

CREATION OF HEADER COMPONENT WHICH HOLDS NAME OF THE WEBSITE ON LEFT AND SIGNIN AND SIGNUP BUTTONS ON THE RIGHT SIDE.
    1)Inside the Header.jsx we can have the header tag to hold the header details to have SEO purposes like <header></header>
    2)Inside the header section we will be having three section like logo,search and menu 
    3) We can use tailwind for mobile and other device view.
    4) text-sm for mobile and text-xl for other devices.

    5) For the next section that is second one we will be using form for what?:For our input, wedont need any action for that,inside the form we can create an input and the type will be text and we need to it side to side
    > h1 className='font-bold text-sm sm:text-xl flex flex-wrap' is used to make the content side to side on the website
    > For icons and all we can install the package from react itself : "npm i react-icons"Before using the icon we need to import the FaSearch from thr react-icons/fa and use them.
    >Till now we created the search box and added the search icon along with the menu on the right side of the screen, we need to now focus on underlining feature and more on this...
    > Now we need to have something to change color when we click on the button

    HOW TOO MOVE FROM ONE PAGE TO ANOTHER PAGE :
        1) Using Link tg in the react.
        2)import {Link} from 'react-router-dom
        3)So how to use the Link tag we can use the link tag using the following syntax:
            <Link to="Location that we need to be gone when we press the item"></Link>
        4)To make something hidden we can use the following : ""hidden sm:inline"" used to hide in the mobile screen
        5)We can link using the link tag which is imported from the react-router-dom
        6)The link tag have an attribute of to=""
        